[api-reference] add more built-in code components (#5190)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/reference/api-reference.mdx

| `page.url.prev`    | `string \| undefined` | Get the URL of the previous page (will be `undefined` if on page 1).                                                              |
| `page.url.next`    | `string \| undefined` | Get the URL of the next page (will be `undefined` if no more pages).                                                              |

## `import.meta`

All ESM modules include a `import.meta` property. Astro adds `import.meta.env` through [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/guide/env-and-mode.html).

> **`import.meta.env.SSR`** can be used to know when rendering on the server. Sometimes you might want different logic, for example a component that should only be rendered in the client:

Reviewer: Here we'd need a comma after "for example", but since we also have the same sentence structure, I would rather change it to another word
```suggestion
**`import.meta.env.SSR`** can be used to know when rendering on the server. Sometimes you might want different logic, like a component that should only be rendered in the client:
```

```

```html
<!-- Output -->
<picture>
  <source srcset="/_astro/my_image.hash.avif" type="image/avif" />
  <source srcset="/_astro/my_image.hash.webp" type="image/webp" />
  <img
    src="/_astro/my_image.hash.png"
    width="1600"
    height="900"
    decoding="async"
    loading="lazy"
    alt="A description of my image."
  />
</picture>
```

See more in the [Images Guide](/en/guides/images/#picture-).

#### Properties

`<Picture />` accepts all the properties of the `<Image />` component, plus the following:

##### `formats`

An array of image formats to use for the `<source>` tags. By default, this is set to `['webp']`.

##### `fallbackFormat`

Format to use as a fallback value for the `<img>` tag. Defaults to `.png` for static images, `.gif` for animated images, and `.svg` for SVG files.

##### `pictureAttributes`

An object of attributes to be added to the `<picture>` tag. Use this property to apply attributes to the outer `<picture>` element itself. Attributes applied to the `<Picture />` component directly will apply to the inner `<img>` element, except for those used for image transformation.

### `<Content />`

> A component used to render the content of a [content collection entry](/en/guides/content-collections/#what-are-content-collections).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A generic component used to render the content of a [content collection entry](/en/guides/content-collections/#what-are-content-collections).
```

Just a thought, as it is amorphous? Might be unnecessary to say, though.
